PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect through uniform resource locators www.umanggarg.me and any other sub-domains or other websites in the HealthHub network, (collectively, the "Site" or “Sites”), how we use such information and to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it. 

This Privacy Policy applies to the Sites, and any other personal information obtained when you call, email, or otherwise communicate with HealthHub. By accessing the Sites on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device (collectively, “Device”), making a purchase from HealthHub, or otherwise interacting with StartUp Health, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the policy, please do not use the Sites.

We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and will post the current version on the Sites. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect. 

Information That You Give Us

We collect personal information from you when you submit it to us, including by: (1) registering on the Sites; (2) placing an order for any product, event or service through the Sites; (3) updating or providing information for your HQ Profile, the Join Conversation feature, creating Events, creating or commenting on Posts and Articles, Questions or Polls, status updates, and other interactive features offered through the Sites; (4) signing up to receive communications from us, including publications such as Health Care Magazine, StartUp Health Insider, StartUp Health Insights and other informational features or content; (5) contacting us; or (6) participating in a Site promotion, event, survey or feature. This information may include, for example, your name, email address, employer and job title, mailing address, billing address, telephone number, date of birth, and payment method. We may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive about you from other sources, such as address update services. 

You hereby represent and warrant to us that: (a) any information you provide to us in connection with the use of any Site is true and accurate, and (b) for so long as these Terms of Use are in effect, you will update, maintain and keep accurate all information that you provide to us in connection with the use of any Site, including but not limited to any information provided to us to obtain access to the “Private Investor Community” features on the Site, such as all information to determine your status as an accredited investor, if applicable.  In some jurisdictions, individuals may have the right to opt-in or withdraw consent for certain uses. If you reside in such jurisdictions, you may have additional rights which are detailed below, “Access, Correction and Deletion.”

Information We Collect Automatically

When you visit the Sites, we may collect certain information from you, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, MAC address, browser type, operating system, device-identifying information, the specific web pages visited during your connection, and the domain name from which you accessed the Sites. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Sites, the areas or pages of the Sites that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Sites, the number of times you return to the Sites and other clickstream data. We may also use non-personal or aggregated information for statistical analysis, research, and other purposes. 

Like many commercial websites, we analyze how visitors use our Sites through what is known as "cookie" technology. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the Sites and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the Sites. We may use cookies to: (1) allow you to use the Sites without having to re-enter your user name and password; (2) enhance or personalize your Site usage and shopping experience; (3) monitor Site usage; (4) manage the Sites; and (5) improve the Sites and our products and services, including providing you with interest-based ads. For more information on our advertising, see below: “Interest-Based Advertising.” If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual cookies or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. However, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our Sites, or that we may put on our Sites in the future. Note that browser-management tools for cookies are outside of our control and we cannot guarantee their effectiveness. 

We may also use web beacons on the Sites, in our emails, and in our advertisements on other websites. Web beacons are tiny graphic images that are used to collect information about your visit to the Sites, such as the pages you view and the features you use, as well as information about whether you open and/or act upon one of our emails or advertisements. We may also collect the URL of the website you visited immediately before coming to the Sites. Web beacons help us analyze our Site visitors' behavior and measure the effectiveness of the Sites and our advertising. We may work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. 

We may combine the information we collect through cookies and web beacons with other information we have collected from you or information from other sources. 

Use of Information

We may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for products, services or information; (2) to respond to your inquiries; (3) to send you a confirmation email when you make a purchase; (4) to review Site usage and operations; (5) to address problems with the Sites, our business or our services; (6) to protect the security or integrity of the Sites and our business; (7) to monitor the Sites for compliance with our Terms of Use and the law; and (8) to contact you with Site updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials or features from us and third party marketing offers from our trusted partners, as well as from other companies.

If you sign up for our email or mailing list, we will send you informational emails or printed materials about offers of services. At any time, you can ‘unsubscribe’ yourself from our email list simply by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button. 

If you do not wish to receive communications from us about special offers and promotions, you can opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the messages you receive. Even if you opt-out of receiving these messages, we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide, and we may send you service announcements and administrative messages. We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications. 

Disclosure of Information

We may disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (2) to our strategic partners or other third parties, who we feel may be able to add value to our relationship; (3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the Site Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (5) in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may also disclose your personal information with your express consent. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties. 

Please note that if you voluntarily submit any personal information for posting on the Sites, such as a review or a blog post, the information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others, so you should use care before posting information about yourself online. 

Access, Correction, & Deletion

We respect your right to access and correct your personal information. You may access your personal information by signing into your account. From there, you can correct or modify your information. You may also exercise your rights, subject to applicable laws, to request that we delete or restrict access to your personal data. We may need to retain it for legally permitted purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary.

If you need assistance correcting or updating your personal information, or would like to request that we delete your personal information, please contact us using the contact information detailed in the “Contact Us” section. 

Retention of Personal Information

Personal information that we collect, access or process will be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, unless otherwise provided in agreements between you and StartUp Health or as required or authorized by law. 

Security

We maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. We have taken certain physical, electronic, and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from visitors to the Sites. Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances. 

Children

The Sites are not directed to children, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen without verifiable parental consent. If you believe that a child has provided personal information to us, please contact us promptly as described below, and we will endeavor to investigate and delete such information from our systems. 

Third Party Websites

The Sites may contain links to third-party websites, including social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter, or portfolio company websites which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the accuracy, activities and practices that take place on these websites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any external site before disclosing any personal information. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. 

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may change this privacy policy from time to time, including as required to keep current with rules and regulations, new technologies and security standards. When we do, we will post the change(s) on our Sites. If we change the policy in a material and retroactive manner, we will provide appropriate notice to you. 

INDIA Privacy Rights

INDIA law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address: 
 
Health Hub
LOVELY PROFESSIONAL UNIVERSITY
PHAGWARA, GRAND TRUNK ROAD
PUNJAB

ATTN: Indian Privacy Info. 

Right to Removal of Posted Information—California Minors

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with us, you have the right to request removal of unwanted information that you publicly post on the Sites. To request removal of such information, you can contact us as provided below. Upon receiving such a request, we will make sure that the information is not publicly available on the Sites, but the information may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems and databases.   

Visitors from Outside the United States—Cross-Border Transfer

The Sites are hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Sites from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States or other countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  The data protection and other applicable laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. Your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and law applicable in such jurisdictions. By using the Sites and/or providing personal information to us, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Right to Lodge Complaints

We are transparent about the ways in which we collect and use personal information, and welcome your questions and concerns. If you have any concern or complaint about the way we handle your personal information, please contact us as described below. To the extent you believe we have not addressed your concerns or otherwise choose to do so, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the country where you reside and/or the United States. You may contact the US Federal Trade Commission regarding your concerns. For more information, please see check Privacy Policy.  

Contact Us

If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we collect and use the information of our customers, you can contact us by emailing us at info@startuphealth.com, or by postal address at 

Health Hub
LOVELY PROFESSIONAL UNIVERSITY
PHAGWARA, GRAND TRUNK ROAD
PUNJAB

ATTN: Privacy Request.

If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail. If you make a purchase, we will send you a confirmation email.